# 5G, Network Slicing, 5G Security & Deep Learning

## If you use this dataset and code or any herein modified part of it in any publication, please cite these papers:

A. Thantharate, R. Paropkari, V. Walunj and C. Beard, "DeepSlice: A Deep Learning Approach towards an Efficient and Reliable Network Slicing in 5G Networks," 2019 IEEE 10th Annual Ubiquitous Computing, Electronics & Mobile Communication Conference (UEMCON), New York City, NY, USA, 2019, pp. 0762-0767, doi: 10.1109/UEMCON47517.2019.8993066.

A. Thantharate, R. Paropkari, V. Walunj, C. Beard and P. Kankariya, "Secure5G: A Deep Learning Framework Towards a Secure Network Slicing in 5G and Beyond," 2020 10th Annual Computing and Communication Workshop and Conference (CCWC), Las Vegas, NV, USA, 2020, pp. 0852-0857, doi: 10.1109/CCWC47524.2020.9031158.

## DeepSlice: A Deep Learning Approach towards an Efficient and Reliable Network Slicing in 5G Networks https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/8993066

Existing cellular communications and the upcoming 5G mobile network requires meeting high-reliability standards, very low latency, higher capacity, more security, and high-speed user connectivity. Mobile operators are looking for a programmable solution that will allow them to accommodate multiple independent tenants on the same physical infrastructure and 5G networks allow for end-to-end network resource allocation using the concept of Network Slicing (NS). Data-driven decision making will be vital in future communication networks due to the traffic explosion and Artificial Intelligence (AI) will accelerate the 5G network performance. In this paper, we have developed a `DeepSlice' model by implementing Deep Learning (DL) Neural Network to manage network load efficiency and network availability, utilizing in-network deep learning and prediction. We use available network Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) to train our model to analyze incoming traffic and predict the network slice for an unknown device type. Intelligent resource allocation allows us to use the available resources on existing network slices efficiently and offer load balancing. Our proposed DeepSlice model will be able to make smart decisions and select the most appropriate network slice, even in case of a network failure.


## Secure5G: A Deep Learning Framework Towards a Secure Network Slicing in 5G and Beyond https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9031158

Network Slicing will play a vital role in enabling a multitude of 5G applications, use cases, and services. Network slicing functions will provide an end-to-end isolation between slices with an ability to customize each slice based on the service demands (bandwidth, coverage, security, latency, reliability, etc.). Maintaining isolation of resources, traffic flow, and network functions between the slices is critical in protecting the network infrastructure system from Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack. The 5G network demands and new feature sets to support ever-growing and complex business requirements have made existing approaches to network security inadequate. In this paper, we have developed a Neural Network based `Secure5G' Network Slicing model to proactively detect and eliminate threats based on incoming connections before they infest the 5G core network. `Secure5G' is a resilient model that quarantines the threats ensuring end-to-end security from device(s) to the core network, and to any of the external networks. Our designed model will enable the network operators to sell network slicing as-a-service to serve diverse services efficiently over a single infrastructure with high security and reliability.


